/*DMFI Rest System Alpha by hahnsoo

CONTENTS
--------
Placeables>>Special>>Custom 5 - DMFI Bed Roll, DMFI Campfire, DMFI Invisible
Rest Object, DMFI Tent

Items>>Special>>Custom5 - DMFI Bed Roll (100 gp), DMFI Firewood (1 gp), DMFI
Portable Tent (500 gp) (different gp values for different situations)

Scripts - dmfi_onrest
(Yup, that's it)

Description
-----------
This is a robust and versatile rest system that incorporates a LOT of options.
Perhaps too many, I don't know. I tried to find everything that folks would
possibly want in a resting system. The most important "feature" is the rest
conversation menu, which governs for both DM and Player the kind of resting that
is allowed.

The ways you can control rest in this system are:
1) Global vs. Local - Restrict or release restrictions on resting based on world
    settings or on a per-area basis
2) Unlimited vs. Limited vs. No Rest - Have the Players rest at any time they'd
    like. Or Limit them according to certain parameters and toggles. Or don't
    allow them to rest at all. You can set these both globally and locally
    (Unlimited and No Rest areas).
3) Time restriction - The staple of most simple rest restrictions. You can limit
    resting per 1, 2, 4, 8, 12, or 24 in-game hours, and the amount of real-time
    minutes are calculated for the DM. Again, you can set these both globally
    and locally.
4) Placeables - Popularized by Demetrious's Supply-Based Rest, this allows you
    to restrict resting according to proximity to objects. It allows you to use
    DMFI rest objects (tag = dmfi_restobject), campfires, bedrolls, beds, tents
    (a "Name-based" rest placeable), and toggles to include/exclude certain
    classes that typically don't care about such niceties.
5) Armor Restrictions - I'm not quite fond of this particular one, but it is a
    standard feature of many rest systems and thus included in the package.
    Allows you to set what weight of armor allows a PC to rest.
6) Set Hit Point Restrictions - Unlike the other restrictions, this does NOT
    prevent resting. What it does is determine how many hitpoints are regained
    upon resting, from a gradient of no hitpoints to all hitpoint, and some
    interesting options in between (1 HP per level, per 3rd edition, which
    skews against fighter classes and CON based HP gain, which skews in favor of
    lower level characters).
7) Toggle Spell Memorization - This converts the "rest" into a "pseudorest"
    which only heals HP. Useful for a "no spell memorization" zone locally, not
    much use globally.
8) Various other "fluff" settings (Snoring, the rest conversation menu,
    immobilized resting, floating text feedback).

There is also a "big red button" option that simply full rests all PCs in the
area. Useful to quickly work around rest restrictions that you have previously
set up.

Installation
------------
Change your OnRest event script to the dmfi_onrest script. Or you can do an
external execute script call by using ExecuteScript("dmfi_onrest", OBJECT_SELF);
in your current script.

The areas in your module should NOT have the "No Rest" box checked, in the areas
which you wish to use this system.

Configuration
-------------
All configuration of the system is done in-game as a DM. To bring up the Rest
Configuration Menu, press R or the rest button.
The conversation will detail the settings you have in the area (whether you are
using the default Global settings or using the Local area settings to override)
and the particular restrictions that you have set.

Settings are stored Persistently using the Bioware Database, per the DMFI W&W
default persistence options. If you want to use another database system, simply
edit the the dmfi_db_inc wrapper functions to your liking.

Unlimited Rest means just that: No restrictions. You may have global
restrictions set up, but as long as Unlimited rest is set globally or locally,
they are ignored.
No Rest means just that: No resting allowed, regardless of restrictions.
Limited Rest means that the restrictions you have set globally or locally are in
effect. You can restrict resting as stated above in the Description.

When you set any [LOCAL] Area variables, you automatically set the area to
"override" the global rest restrictions. This means that this area follows its
own rules, and isn't governed by the global rules. Setting the [LOCAL] Area
restrictions will copy the current global restriction variables, but after that,
the only way to go back to "global" is to select "Use default [GLOBAL] Module
settings"
Tip: The most useful way to use this is to simply set areas as Unlimited Rest or
No Rest, say an Inn Room or a combat zone, respectively.

Player Notes
------------
If you are using the DMFI Rest Menu (on by default), the rest restrictions (if
any) are displayed on your Rest Conversation Menu, telling you why you can't
rest (if you are restricted). You also have the option to access both the DMFI
Dicebag and the DMFI Emote wand directly from the Rest Menu. This allows you to
use emotes or dice checks WITHOUT having that silly "Use Unique Power"
animation.

Included in this package is a way to do "Alternate Resting Animations". These
animations simply change the way you appear when you rest. Since they use the
ForceRest() function, it isn't a "true" rest... rather it sets you for a certain
amount of time (equal to a normal rest) as un-moveable, and applies the rest at
the end of that time. This just means you don't get the little egg timer.

This is an ALPHA release, and I'm pretty sure I don't know everything about
Resting systems in the universe. I've tried to incorporate nearly all of the
elements I've seen in other available resting systems and encorporate them into
a small (single script), DMFI-integrated package.

I would greatly appreciate feedback, suggestions, additions, omissions, bug
reports, whatever.  Send them to me at hahns_shin@hotmail.com.*/
